Add new issue template with playground (#31)
g-plane/typed-query-selector: .github/issue_template.md

<!--

> You can test typed-query-selector here and then paste the URL back into your issue
> 
> https://www.typescriptlang.org/play?#code/JYWwDg9gTgLgBAchgTzAUwCYFoCOBXNKZLAZzQBs0BjGaBAKHqogDsT5gWw8YAuOABIAVALIAZAJJceAUUog0LeAB84LPOXJwAvHAwQqeBUoB0+QsgDKFarSgAKBADNoIOJ24wEASiA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test typed-query-selector here and paste the URL back into your issue.

https://www.typescriptlang.org/play?#code/JYWwDg9gTgLgBAchgTzAUwCYFoCOBXNKZLAZzQBs0BjGaBAKHqogDsT5gWw94BeODBCp4QaFjAB0+QsgDKFarSgAKBADNoIOJ24wEASiA
```
